EDU-3850 add instal orch agent (#642)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/deploy-journey/install-orch-agent/install-orch-agent.mdx

---
title: Install Edge Orchestrator Agent
description: To begin the Edge Node installation process, you must download the Edge Orchestrator installation binary of your choice.
meta_tags: deploy, orchestrator
namespace: docs_deploy_install_agent
menu_namespace: deployMenu
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/deploy/install-orchestrator-agent/
---

import Button from '~/components/Button.astro'

:::note

> Before installing the agent, it's necessary to generate a credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing the agent, you must [generate a credential](/en/documentation/products/deploy/credentials/).
```

Acho que aqui fica melhor o hyperlink pra não encher a tela de botão

:::

> <Button href="/en/documentation/products/deploy/credentials/" text="go to credentials reference documentation" variant="secondary" target="_blank"></Button>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To begin the **Edge Node** installation process, you must download the **Edge Orchestrator** installation binary of your choice.

> Download the Azion Edge Node option that matches your platform of use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the Azion Edge Node option that matches your operating system:
```

| Operating System | Architecture | File                                                         |
| :--------------- | :----------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| FreeBSD          |    x86_64    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/freebsd/x86_64/edge-orchestrator) |
| FreeBSD          |    ARM64     | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/freebsd/arm64/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    x86_32    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/x86_32/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    x86_64    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/x86_64/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    ARM32     | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/arm32/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    ARM64     | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/arm64/edge-orchestrator) |
| MacOS            |    x86_64    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/darwin/x86_64/edge-orchestrator) |

> Alternatively, you can download it using the Command line. In the example, the download link refers to the Linux/x86_64 agent. If you want to download another version, just change the URL for the required operating system or architecture:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can download it using the command line interface. In the example below, the download link refers to the Linux/x86_64 agent. If you want to download another version, just switch the URL to the required operating system or architecture:
```

`curl -O http://downloads.azion.com/linux/x86_64/edge-orchestrator`

> > **Note**: The commands executed in the edge-orchestrator agent must be executed with root user privileges. It might be necessary to run the commands with `sudo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
The commands executed in the edge-orchestrator agent must be executed with admin user privileges. It might be necessary to run the commands with `sudo`.
:::
```

> After downloading, follow the steps below to install the **Edge Orchestrator** agent to your device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After downloading, follow the steps below to install the Edge Orchestrator agent to your device:
```

1. Inside the directory where the binary is in, install the **Edge Orchestrator** agent:

```bash
   sudo chmod +x edge-orchestrator
```

```bash
   sudo ./edge-orchestrator install
```
2. Enter the **Credential** for the Edge Orchestrator agent.

> 3. Start the **Edge Orchestrator** agent after installing it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Launch the **Edge Orchestrator** agent after installation is completed:
```

```bash
   sudo ./edge-orchestrator start
```
:::note
If your operating system doesn't have a service manager (such as `systemd`), you must run it in the foreground.
:::

```bash
   sudo ./edge-orchestrator start --foreground
```

> > The *logs* to run the Edge Orchestrator agent are stored in: <br />`/var/log/azion/edge-orchestrator.log`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
The *logs* to run the Edge Orchestrator agent are stored in: <br />`/var/log/azion/edge-orchestrator.log`
:::
```

---
title: Install Edge Orchestrator Agent
description: To begin the Edge Node installation process, you must download the Edge Orchestrator installation binary of your choice.
meta_tags: deploy, orchestrator
namespace: docs_deploy_install_agent
menu_namespace: deployMenu
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/deploy/install-orchestrator-agent/
---

import Button from '~/components/Button.astro'

:::note

> Before installing the agent, it's necessary to generate a credential.

Reviewer 2: aqui concordo, botar o link aqui e tirar o botão

:::

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/deploy/credentials/" text="go to credentials reference documentation" variant="secondary" target="_blank"></Button>

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Download the Azion Edge Node option that matches your operating system:

| Operating System | Architecture | File                                                         |
| :--------------- | :----------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| FreeBSD          |    x86_64    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/freebsd/x86_64/edge-orchestrator) |
| FreeBSD          |    ARM64     | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/freebsd/arm64/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    x86_32    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/x86_32/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    x86_64    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/x86_64/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    ARM32     | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/arm32/edge-orchestrator) |
| Linux            |    ARM64     | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/linux/arm64/edge-orchestrator) |
| MacOS            |    x86_64    | [edge-orchestrator](https://downloads.azion.com/darwin/x86_64/edge-orchestrator) |

> Alternatively, you can download it using the Command line. In the example, the download link refers to the Linux/x86_64 agent. If you want to download another version, just change the URL for the required operating system or architecture:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can download it using the command line. In the example, the download link refers to the Linux/x86_64 agent. If you want to download another version, just change the URL for the required operating system or architecture:
```

`curl -O http://downloads.azion.com/linux/x86_64/edge-orchestrator`

:::note
The commands executed in the edge-orchestrator agent must be executed with administrator privileges. It might be necessary to run the commands with `sudo`.
:::

> After downloading, follow the steps below to install the Edge Orchestrator agent to your device:

Reviewer 2: in your device or to your device?

1. Inside the directory where the binary is in, install the **Edge Orchestrator** agent:

```bash
   sudo chmod +x edge-orchestrator
```

```bash
   sudo ./edge-orchestrator install

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

```

> 2. Enter the **Credential** for the Edge Orchestrator agent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Enter the credential for the Edge Orchestrator agent.
```

Reviewer 3: aqui é instância, não produto

3. Start the **Edge Orchestrator** agent after installing it:

```bash
   sudo ./edge-orchestrator start

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

```
